Tests/Docs for aria hidden polyfill (#725)
adobe/react-spectrum: packages/@react-spectrum/dialog/docs/Dialog.mdx

`aria-labelledby` to match the heading `id`, but this can be overridden by providing an `aria-labelledby` prop
to the Dialog directly. If a visible label isn't specified, an `aria-label` must be provided instead.

> When a Dialog is open, then it should be the only thing that can be interacted with. For the most part this is
> handled by aria-modal, however, there are some cases where this is not the case. In order to make aria-modal work
> in all cases, we have a package `@react-aria/aria-modal-polyfill`, see the [Aria Modal Polyfill docs](../react-aria/aria-modal-polyfill.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a Dialog is open, then it should be the only thing that can be interacted with. If your application's `Provider` is at the root of the page, this is handled automatically. However, if your application has content outside the `Provider`, then you should use the `@react-aria/aria-modal-polyfill` package to hide this content from assistive technology while a modal is open. See the [aria-modal-polyfll docs](../react-aria/aria-modal-polyfill.html) for more details.
```
